third
they's welcome back like cousins here
third phase moon and I wanted to say
just wow 100,000 hits within 24 hours
right here at their face news we asked
everybody to share before this video was
shut down because these still
photographs was shared by the world
molders world.com shared it along with
others disclosed he be if it wasn't for
people from around the world disclosure
would it be now wake up the masses thank
you very much for sharing this
conspiracy index we know that you got
our back smashed pipe share this keep
sharing this because this is something
different
what happened in Colorado when it called
into the show there's a few photographs
that I missed putting out on the last
episode so we're gonna go over them
right now everybody look over them
analyze them we don't see anything going
on with these photographs as far as
manipulation they seem like the real
deal these are raw photographs you have
what I have everybody we need your help
spread it around I know a lot of people
been contacted they're faced with that
seen the exact same thing we want to
thank them to everybody leave their
comments below what this is with over
100,000 hits within 24 hours the world
is waking up everybody keep your eyes on
the sky is tweet this share it on
Facebook
my name is Floyd cousins we'll see
everybody get next time to stay tuned